Look, if you had mom's spaghetti
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?
Yo

[Verse 1]
His palm's spaghetti, knees weak, arm's spaghetti
There's vomit on his sweater spaghetti: mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm spaghetti to drop bombs
But he keeps on spaghetti what he wrote down
The whole crowd goes spaghetti
He opens his mouth, but spaghetti won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking, now
Spaghetti's run out, time's up, over - Blaow!
Snap back to spaghetti, oh! - there goes spaghetti
Oh! - there goes spaghetti - Blaow!
He's so mad, but he won't give up spaghetti
No, he won't have it
He knows he keeps on forgetting that
Mom's spaghetti's dope
He knows that, but he's broke
He's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to his mom's spaghetti, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo
This whole spaghetti
Better go capture spaghetti and hope it don't pass him
[Hook:]
You better lose yourself in ya mom's spaghetti
It's ready
You better never let it go (go)
You only get one spaghetti, do not miss your chance to blow
Cause spaghetti comes once in a lifetime, yo
(You better)
(x2)

[Verse 2]
The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
Mom's spaghetti's mine for the taking
Make me spaghetti as we move toward a new world order
A normal sweater is boring, but mom's spaghetti is close to post-mortem
It only grows harder, spaghetti grows hotter
He vomits all over. Spaghetti's all on him
Coast to coast shows, he blows his own daughter
He only grows harder, homie grows hotter
He goes home and barely knows his own mom's spaghetti
There's vomit on his mom's spaghetti
These hoes don't want him no more, he's cold spaghetti
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
Man, he knows his palms are sweaty, oh!
He's calm, and ready, oh! - It unfolds
I suppose it's old spaghetti, chewed up and spit out
He's choking, now

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
No more games, Imma change what you call spaghetti
Tear this motherfucking roof off like two mom's spaghettis
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
Spaghetti chewed up and spit out and there's vomit on his sweater
But I kept chewin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Hold your nose cause here goes the damn diaper
The flag is checkoutcsawctfmomsspaghetti
All the vomit inside amplified by the fact
That I keep on forgetting to make spaghetti
And provide the right type of spaghetti for my family
Cause man, these God-damn food stamps don't buy spaghetti
And there's no movie, there's no mom's spaghetti. This is my life
And these palms are so sweaty, and I'm so hard
My seed's escaping through this hole that is gaping
Caught up with being a father and a prima donna
Baby vomit on his sweater already: mom's spaghetti
He's too nervous - Blaow! Another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a mom
I've got to formulate spaghetti or end up in jail or shot
Spaghetti is my only motherfucking option, vomit's not
Mom, I love you, but this vomit's got to go
Oh! Oh! Da da dum-da-dum, sa da dum-da-dum
So here I go, it's my shot
This may be the only mom's spaghetti that I got

